<acro>NAI 2.5</acro>
<name>Northern Artificial Intellegence 2.5</name>

<text>
NAI 2.5 is the second autonomous ground robot created by NIU Robotics, designed to compete in the 28th and 29th Annual Jerry Sanders Creative Design Competition (Now MRDC). NAI 2.5 was designed to autonomously locate and pick up objects within the course and score various size ball game pieces. 
<br><br>
Acquiring of game pieces is accomplished with a custom 3D printed, nature-inspired flexible gripper system at the end of a pneumatically articulating three joint arm. This operates from a custom designed and machined pneumatic manifold, allowing proportional and positional control of all arm air cylinders. This system successfully acquires and holds requested positions throughout its range of motion. The gripper system uses simple geometry fingers to naturally arc around and grab nearly any object of various shapes and reasonable sizes (game included golf balls up to 4"​ diameter foam balls).
<br><br>
The NAI 2.5 chassis is designed around four custom gearboxes, driving it's omni-directional Mecanum wheels, allowing for standard skid steer as well as any simultaneous combination of translation and rotation. This results in a very maneuverable mobile system that can easily accommodate complex path and heading combinations and strafing at any desired radius.
<br><br>
The electronics running the on-board systems are based around Teensy microcontrollers, while custom PCBs operate radio communications, motor control, sensors, and solenoid valves. The arm operates from an identical Teensy and custom PCB, using continuous encoders for closed-loop feedback to proportionally control three valves per arm joint.
<br><br>
The vision and AI behind NAI 2.5 is run by an onboard laptop, acquiring full 3D and visual data of its environment via a front-facing Microsoft Kinect V2. Software was developed to utilize the Microsoft Kinect V2, using 3D image and mapping data to recognize walls, floor, game objects, and item identifiers. This data was used to construct virtual representations of the course and all recognizable features, then path planning and task prioritization were based upon real-world conditions and feedback.
</text>
