<acro>NAI 2.6</acro>
<name>Northern Artificial Intellegence 2.6</name>

<sys acro ="AI" name="Artificial Intellegence" img="nai25ai.jpg">
	Descrpition goes here
</sys>

<sys acro ="EL" name="Electrical System" img="nirv16em.jpg">
	Descrpition goes here
</sys>

<text>
	Building from NAI 2.0, the newest autonomous ground robot from NIU Robotics was improved mechanically, electrically, and in software.
	<br><br>
	Mechanical scoring systems were designed and built using pneumatics and custom linkages. A gripper was created to handle golf ball acquisition and scoring, along with a subsystem to operate a competition golf ball dispenser. A new power and electrical area on the chassis were developed, greatly improving usefulness of the block, while combining all electronics to a central location. Body panels were developed that allow for sturdy, secure attachment and quick removal or hinging at the same time. An encasement for the A.I. laptop allows insertion and removal without dis-assembly of robot, while providing vibration damping and protective cushioning.
	<br><br>
	Electrically, an emergency kill switch was implemented that isolates all systems from power. Additionally, all electronics and power regulation were relocated to a central power block.
	<br><br>
	Software was developed to utilize the Microsoft Kinect V2, using 3D image and mapping data to recognize walls, floor, game objects, and item identifiers. This data was used to construct virtual representations of the course and all recognizable features, then path planning and task prioritization were based upon real-world conditions and feedback.
</text>
